English version of CBO documentation (#8783)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/yql/reference/yql-core/syntax/_includes/pragma/ydb.md

## YDB

### `ydb.CostBasedOptimizationLevel` {#costbasedoptimizationlevel}

| Level | Description |
| ------- | ---------------------- |
| 0 | Cost Based Optimizer is turned off |
| 1 | Cost Based Optimizer is turned off, but estimates are computed and avaliable |
| 2 | Cost Based Optimizer is turned on only for queries that include [column oriented tables](../../../../../concepts/glossary.md#column-oriented-table) |

> | 3 | Cost Based Optimizer is turned on for all queries, but LookupJoin is prefered for row oriented tables |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 3 | Cost Based Optimizer is turned on for all queries, but LookupJoin is preferred for row oriented tables |
```

> ### `ydb.CostBasedOptimizationLevel` {#costbasedoptimizationlevel}
> 
> | Level | Description |
> | ------- | ---------------------- |
> | 0 | Cost Based Optimizer is turned off |
> | 1 | Cost Based Optimizer is turned off, but estimates are computed and avaliable |
> | 2 | Cost Based Optimizer is turned on only for queries that include [column oriented tables](../../../../../concepts/glossary.md#column-oriented-table) |
> | 3 | Cost Based Optimizer is turned on for all queries, but LookupJoin is preferred for row oriented tables |
> | 4 | Cost Based Optimizer is turned on for all queries |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### `ydb.CostBasedOptimizationLevel` {#costbasedoptimizationlevel}

| Level | Description |
| ----- | ------------------------ |
| 0     | Cost-based optimizer is disabled. |
| 1     | Cost-based optimizer is disabled, but estimates are computed and available. |
| 2     | Cost-based optimizer is enabled only for queries that include [column-oriented tables](../../../../../concepts/glossary.md#column-oriented-table). |
| 3     | Cost-based optimizer is enabled for all queries, but `LookupJoin` is preferred for row-oriented tables. |
| 4     | Cost-based optimizer is enabled for all queries. |
```
